Add descriptions to resource-configs missing frontmatter descriptions (#9641)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/azuresynapse-configs.md

---
title: "Microsoft Azure Synapse DWH configurations"

> description: "Configure index and distribution settings for Microsoft Azure Synapse data warehuse tables in dbt."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Configure index and distribution settings for Microsoft Azure Synapse data warehouse tables in dbt."
```

> description: "Microsoft Azure Synapse DWH configurations - Read this in-depth guide to learn about configurations in dbt."

Reviewer: Hiya Leona

This description reads a bit like a title + filler, but doesn't say what the page covers. A tighter option like:

Configure index and distribution settings for Microsoft Azure Synapse DWH tables in dbt.

> description: "Microsoft Azure Synapse DWH configurations - Read this in-depth guide to learn about configurations in dbt."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Configure index and distribution settings for Microsoft Azure Synapse data warehuse tables in dbt."
```
